Mr. Wang, Dongcheng District
Xiao Chen, you don't need luggage.
The king is not at the door either
One who seduces the king
Xiao Chen, what are you doing?
This is the throne of the king
Dare to sit on it is rebellious
God can't save you then
Don't worry, Qingxue
No one will hurt you in this world from now on
I can do this position.
You also rely on
This dog man and woman
Get off me now
Xiao Chen, you are suicidal
This is the throne of the king
His old man will be here soon
How dare you do this?
Are you really not afraid of destroying the nine clans?
Now wait until I finish this guy offended the king
It's over for everyone here today.
Dog thing can't get it
Everyone here can testify
It's all because you're depressed
wanton
make up your own mind
You'll only die worse by doing this
Wei Jun's location
Mortals and laymen dare to see Yue
Is it possible that this location is mine?
And I, Xiao Chen
It's Wei Jun